NIGHT OF THE ZEALOT

The Ghouls Hunger...

Friday, September 18, 1925. Arkham, Massachusetts. It is the end of a long and abnormally hot summer. The first hints of autumn beckon, but a heavy heat persists, relentless. A silent, unspoken anger grips the town. Tempers are short, and in the last week alone there have been numerous reports of townspeople coming to heated, violent blows with one another over simple misunderstandings.

And now, a call from James Hankerson. He claims to have found a dismembered body in his barn.

Blaming the weather would be too easy. There is something wrong with this town, and not a whole lot this old soothsayer can do to stop the slide. My auguries indicate a small group of investigators will soon take note of these strange happenings and set forth to make things right. I'll be watching their progress... but I won't be holding my breath.


You and your partners have been investigating strange events taking place in your home city of Arkham, Massachusetts. Over the past few weeks, several townspeople have mysteriously gone missing. Recently, their corpses turned up in the woods, savaged and half-eaten. The police and newspapers have stated that wild animals are responsible, but you believe there is something else going on. You are gathered together at the lead investigator's home to discuss these bizarre events.


You barely manage to escape your house with your lives. The woman from your parlor follows you out the front door, slamming it behind her. "You fools! See what you have done?" She pushes a chair in front of the door, lodging it beneath the doorknob. "We must get out of here. Come with me, and I will tell you what I know. We are the only ones who can stop the threat that lurks beneath from being unleashed throughout the city." You're in no state to argue. Nodding, you follow the woman as she runs from your front porch out into the rainy street, toward Rivertown.


You nod and allow the red-haired woman to set the walls and floor of your house ablaze. The fire spreads quickly, and you run out the front door to avoid being caught in the inferno. From the sidewalk, you watch as everything you own is consumed by the flames. "Come with me," the woman says. "You must be told of the threat that lurks below. Alone, we are surely doomed... but together, we can stop it."